[Amy] Pulse is good. How'd you sleep?
Uh. fine.
-[Amy] Any dreams?
-Mm-mmm.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Amy] All right. Madam Mayor.
I'll see you later.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[water running]
[water stops]
[Juliette] Hey. Jerry?
Yes. ma'am?
Yesterday you asked me
to be honest with you when I need space.
[sucks teeth] Today...
I'd like to walk the Silo...
by myself.
Is that okay?
[sighs]
Yes. ma'am.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
Okay. Okay.
I'll see you.
[Alameda] Juan was a little boy...
when we first brought him here.
It's. uh. right after
I got back from Desert Storm.
Right before Ally went over for her tour.
And the night before his first deployment.
Juanito sat over there with us.
eating something Rudy made for him.
[chuckles] Bacon burger
with extra onions and mustard.
A taste that he got from his mother
that I'll never understand. [chuckles]
He. um...
[breathes shakily] He told us
that he wanted to make us proud.
We were proud before he left.
You all know that.
[sniffles] And you were too.
You know. he's left again.
[breathes heavily] Uh.
we'll see him... someday.
I'm gonna have a burger today.
Juanito's way. [chuckles]
Just today.
Rudy'll take care of you.
Thanks.
[gentle guitar music playing]
[attendees chattering]
Mr. Alameda. I'm Daniel Keene.
Charlotte's brother.
I know who you are. Congressman.
Your sister is family to us.
which makes you the same.
-How is she?
-She's all right.
Her memory's. uh. been affected.
[inhales deeply] We just. uh...
Well. I-I have a lot of questions.
Yeah.
We all do.
Come on.
I don't know if this is the right time.
but as former military yourself. do you
have knowledge that maybe... [mutters]
I get...
Someone told me that before the mission.
the whole squadron's
communication devices were switched out.
Downgraded to comms
that were discontinued years ago.
even before my time in the service.
Juan called me right before.
told me his radio was older than he was.
Why would they do that?
[clicks tongue]
Prevent jamming? I don't know.
But it exposed them to a whole lot more.
Buddy of mine who was charged
with filling out forms on the incident
said that because the comms
weren't encrypted.
they could have easily been recorded.
-By?
-Nearly anyone.
Said it wouldn't have been hard to do.
So it's probably out there somewhere.
Did he happen to say
where we could get a copy...
No. Told me to put it out of my mind.
Because it's... top secret?
No. Because he's a friend.
Because he thinks
it's easier for me to move on
if I'm not thinking
about all those sick people
sitting around listening
to the sound of my son's death.
That's the cap of the Nimitz.
I better...
You know.
been out nearly 20 years...
and I still straighten up.
She spit the meds out in there last night
and in here this morning.
Thank you. Amy. [sighs]
You want me to double it tonight. or...
Keep doing what you're doing.
Thanks.
[sighs]
What is it?
[sighs] Just more delays on the rebar.
You headed out already?
Yeah.
See you out there.
What?
You okay?
Yeah.
-Hi.
-Madam Mayor.
Is the Sheriff home?
I heard I might be able to catch him here.
No. He left last night on
a missing persons in the Mids.
Do you mind if I come in?
Have we met before? I'm sor... I can't...
[Kathleen] No.
Really? I didn't...
I didn't come visit you as a sheriff
when your husband was my deputy?
No.
[baby babbling]
[Kathleen] Hmm.
What do you know about
Patrick Kennedy and Lukas Kyle?
Nothing. I don't mean to rush.
but I got a busy day ahead of...
[Juliette] I get it.
You never heard of them?
Either of them?
Patrick Kennedy being
the biggest fugitive in the Silo?
I don't really keep up with the gossip.
[Juliette] Right.
What happened to your wrist?
[tense music playing]
I fell.
You were part of the break-in.
weren't you?
I'm not here to have you arrested. okay.
I wanna know where Patrick Kennedy is.
that's all.
Does your husband know you're an Outsider?
If your husband knows you're an Outsider.
it makes perfect sense
why Kennedy hasn't been caught
and maybe why Lukas hasn't been found.
Lukas Kyle is dead.
And Kennedy knows places
in this Silo that Paul.
his deputies. the raiders.
anyone wouldn't know where to look.
Right. but you know where to look.
I don't believe Lukas is alive.
Kennedy hunted him for months
and found nothing.
Even had us follow his mother.
Did you talk to her?
She said the last time
she saw Lukas was in her apartment
during the rebellion.
not long before you came back.
Sims came in with a gun.
Wanted to know what Bernard and Lukas
were talking about.
Threatened to kill him. his mother...
Lukas refused to say.
That was the last time she saw him.
They never took you down
to the bottom. did they?
Paul said the bodies were three deep
over the circulation fans on 144.
They were running
the incinerator 24 hours a day.
Looks like Lukas Kyle was turned
to ash months ago.
She's been spitting out her medication.
which is not good.
However.
from what we've been able to discern.
she's currently out in the Silo
looking for Lukas Kyle.
[The Algorithm] And that is good?
Her search for Kyle
will likely yield nothing.
But if by following Juliette
we can get confirmation of his death
and lure Kennedy out.
we may not need the Vitamin D+.
[The Algorithm] Two improbable
possibilities in pursuit
of a result easily achieved
with one proven act.
You fear that loss of memory
means loss of self-consciousness.
loss of identity.
the end of personal existence.
The data has been presented.
The choice remains solely in your hands.
along with the lives of 9.913 people.
Consider expediting the transport
of Vitamin D+ to Filtration.
The sooner you introduce Vitamin D+
to the water supply.
the better the probability of survival...
in a time when your Silo
is dangerously close to a Safeguard.
[phone ringing]
Oh. hey.
-How was the service?
-Listen. I spoke to Juan's father.
And he thinks
we could probably find a recording
of the mission's comms
somewhere on the Internet.
-The dark web?
-Well. he didn't say that. but sure.
I don't know when to begin
with something like that.
-Well. I do.
-Okay. How are you doing?
Uh. I will call you later. [clears throat]
[pop music playing on speakers]
Hey! Hey. you.
I am so close to being done
with this exposé on the sordid sex lives
of supposed celibates.
-but I am working on something huge.
-Helen.
Okay?
It's something worthy of the Pulitzer.
[scoffs] I don't want a Pulitzer.
I just wanted you to do your job.
I'm doing the job. Phil.
I would just rather work remote.
than hang out in this playground all day.
[Phil] I'm letting you go.
What?
We've taken the liberty
of packing up your things.
Um. security will see you out.
-What? [stammers] Hey. what...
-[sighs] Try not to make a scene. okay?
Wow. Wow. You're not serious. right?
[sighs]
[Helen] Okay.
I didn't even want this fucking job.
Okay. yeah. Thank you.
I can't remember going for longer
than a day without hearing from Orla.
Probably just working on
something for McLain.
but the Sheriff will track her down.
You have children. Sheriff?
I do. A daughter.
[Rudy] Then you get it.
See that our baby gets home.
I will.
Thanks.
They still think of us as kids.
but you met Orla.
She's no child.
Our parents worked in Supply
for decades before this job.
but Orla was the first one
in our family to become shadow.
Anything else important
that you need me to know?
Anyone I should talk to?
Well. along with her new job.
Orla has a new boyfriend. Mike Davidson.
He'd been with Glenda Harwood.
McLain's previous shadow.
-That's kind of odd.
-Yeah.
I stay out of her love life.
Last time you saw her.
was there anything strange or different?
My sister's normally an upbeat person.
People gravitate to her.
but lately. all I can say is
she seemed burdened by something.
Who knows. maybe it's just the stress
of running Supply.
[breathes shakily]
["Ship To Wreck" playing on radio]
Where are we going?
Uh. King Street. I think.
I don't know.
I wrote it down.
-It's fine.
-No. I should... I should get this.
No. can you... can you just grab that?
-Okay. I'm just gonna...
-Jesus.
[Helen sighs]
Here. It's on the back of the first page.
[Daniel] "112A Kane Street."
I knew it started with a K.
-Can you... Can you map that out?
-Yeah.
What's his name?
[Helen] He said Steve.
It is highly unlikely
to actually be Steve.
And he couldn't just send us
a file or a link or something?
-He said that we had to come in person.
-[sighs]
Sounds a little sketchy.
It's the dark web.
Sketchy is kind of the point.
[sighs] And don't you think it's weird?
Me getting fired.
How so?
I start asking questions
about Charlotte's mission
and suddenly I'm out of a job?
Were you doing a good job?
[stammers] What do you... Mmm. What?
Well. you said you hated working there.
People can usually pick up on that.
-[scoffs]
-What?
-Wow. Wow!
-I don't know.
I literally just got fired.
-Can you try to be less of a dick?
-I don't know. Listen. Hey.
Helen. I'm so sorry about the job.
Those assholes.
Thank you. That's better. [chuckles]
Jesus.
[mysterious music playing]
[Steve] Phones.
And you. give me your badge.
My what?
[Steve sighs] He not know the deal?
I don't know the deal.
Our intermediary agreed
I could clone his Congressional badge
in exchange for information
on the recording.
Not a chance. No.
Mmm. [clicks tongue]
Then get the fuck out.
Fine. [sniffs]
[Steve] Hmm.
Can we hear it?
[machine beeps. whirring]
Hear what?
The recording of the unencrypted comms.
The Iran mission.
I was told you
just wanted to know if it existed.
It does.
Tell anyone about this place
and every social profile
with your name on it
will have ten years of freaky porn
in the search history.
[Helen] Okay. no. That was not the deal.
It was my deal!
Maybe have Byron be a bit
more specific with your request next time.
Who do you work for?
"Who do I work for?" Nobody.
I'm just one of many
like-minded individuals
holding government fuckers like you
accountable by intercepting communications
and finding what we're not supposed to.
So you've heard the comms?
Yeah. I have.
It's horrible.
Somebody is up to some shit
because what I heard is
-unlike anything I've...
-My sister was a pilot on that mission.
Your what?
Senior Pilot Charlotte Keene.
That's your sister?
Why?
[ominous music playing]
Someone in Moldova got 20 seconds of it.
but it was taken down less than
five minutes after it was posted.
I recorded a cassette
before it disappeared.
I only fuck with analog if I can help it.
Doesn't matter what you offer me.
this does not leave my possession.
but I don't think you should...
[clears throat] Don't listen to that.
There's no way I'm not listening to it.
-Let me tell you what's on it.
-Just gi... Just...
Daniel.
[Daniel inhales sharply. sighs]
[Helen] What could cause something
that horrific to happen?
Four planes. their pilots...
What could take control like that?
Everything at the same time?
I have no idea.
You have a great day. all right?
I'll be here to meet you when you're done.
-Okay.
-Love you.
I love you too.
Do good.
Listen.
[teacher] Okay. take your seats.
everyone. Let's get out our...
-What the fuck are you doing here?
-This isn't... No. no. no. wait. Hey.
-I wanna ask you something. Okay. Wait.
-I don't care what you wanna ask.
You don't come to my son's school
or my home ever. You understand?
Yeah. I understand. Okay.
Look. I... I wanna ask you for help.
No. Listen. I will spend
the rest of my life in the mines
for throwing you over the rails
before I let you come anywhere close
-to my son...
-I told you I don't remember.
He remembers!
My son!
He wakes up
in the middle of the night afraid.
At least he remembers.
And he has a dad. I don't.
I don't even remember
what it feels like to have a dad.
Great.
What do you want?
I wanna know what you know
about Lukas Kyle.
and if you know where he is.
But you know Bernard took him out
of the mines to make him his shadow.
so why would he do that?
I wish I knew.
Okay. Thank you.
That's all I wanted to ask.
[pensive music playing]
-Nichols.
-Yes. I'll stay away from your son.
[teacher] Very good. Diane.
Can you tell me why it's important
to understand security?
[Gayle] Here you go. buddy.
How about that?
-Wanna draw something?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah? Okay.
-[gasps] Yeah. Yeah. That's all right.
-[Sims] That's good. Thank you.
Hey.
Hey. honey. Everything okay?
-Hey.
-What's going on? Why's he not at school?
-We need a family day. All three of us.
-Rob.
-I want us to go to the park.
-No.
-I want us to be together.
-Robert.
I want us to spend some time together.
Today's not the day. okay.
You have no idea what I'm dealing with.
[tense music playing]
You're right. I don't.
But something came up.
What happened?
[machinery whirring]
Fuck me.
-[chain rattling]
-[clamoring]
It's all right. I'll talk to her.
Okay. look.
Nichols might not be who she once was.
but she's still sharp.
We hunted Lukas Kyle
for months and we're sharp.
-She's asking the right questions.
-Yeah. About a dead man.
Who do we have on Nichols today?
Bobbi. I ran into her on my way down.
She said she saw her.
Where?
Headed down to the Gap.
-[stammers] You can't...
-I need to go down.
Yeah. uh. sorry. It's just not safe.
Okay. Let me rephrase that.
I'm going down.
-[stammers] You...
-Whoa.
If he says it's not safe. it's not safe.
-This isn't just about you.
-[sighs]
You going down means someone else isn't.
That someone might be a safety spotter
for someone who's working.
Why did you ignore my note this morning?
[tense music playing]
-I didn't get it.
-That's not what the porter said.
-I was in a hurry.
-Really?
Oh. fuck it.
Why do you think. Madam Mayor?
Do you have any idea what it's like
to have your best friend not know you?
[scoffs] Do you know what it's like
not to remember your best friend?
And if you were my best friend.
wouldn't you come?
Why do you think
I messaged you out of everyone?
[inhales sharply] Right.
I need to find Lukas Kyle.
-Could you take me where you took him?
-The area is sealed off.
-It's not possible.
-[sighs]
Okay. Thank you.
No. wait!
[intense. ominous music playing]
Shirley to Knox.
[Knox] Yeah. I see her.
Let's get back to work.
Madam Mayor. Lukas Kyle is not here.
And Shirley isn't lying.
Walker sealed up the Digger Void
three months ago.
There's no way he's down there.
Let me help you.
[sighs]
So Bernard took Lukas out of the mines
to make him his shadow. right?
So he must've learned something there.
So what do you know about the mines?
I don't know how anybody
could learn anything from down there.
It's... It's just a fucking nightmare.
But I do know a guy.
Did he actually see her?
No.
[Camille] Then you scare him more
by taking him out of school like this.
We were already tracking her.
I didn't tell Anthony she was there.
That's not the point.
[stammers]
I don't have time for surprises
and field trips. Rob...
No... [stammers] ...it's not a field...
Look.
it's important that we take time
to make memories as a family.
even when it's not convenient for us.
Convenient?
[stammers] You... [scoffs]
[sighs]
Robert. how many years did Anthony
and I come home to an empty apartment
where we stayed alone without you
until early in the morning or longer?
Did I ever question the hours and days
you spent away in service of the Silo?
-When Juliette's waving...
-It...
-a gun in our direction.
-It's not about that!
-It is about that!
-It isn't... No. it's not about...
Stop!
I find myself in this position.
not by choice. mind you.
and every day I feel
like you work to undercut me...
Anthony needs to have memories of us.
Both of us. Together.
Do you understand?
And you're right.
I'm late to getting this.
It's on me. I'm sorry.
I know it hasn't been fair. but...
What's all this about memories?
Wh-Why do you...
Why do you keep saying that?
She doesn't remember her father.
-Who?
-Nichols.
[ominous music playing]
And it's not just
that she doesn't remember him.
She says she has no feeling of the man.
He blew himself up for her friends.
and she couldn't even
tell me what it feels like to know him.
Rob. I am having barrels of Vitamin D+
hauled up to Water Filtration.
-No.
-It's not my first plan.
but depending on what happens
in the next few hours.
I am willing to release it
into the water supply.
-Hmm.
-I'm assuming from your time
working for Bernard
you know what Vitamin D+...
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Same thing you're doing to Juliette.
but lower and slower...
so we don't realize
what's happening until it's too late.
To save the lives of everyone in the Silo.
[shakily] Yours. mine...
Anthony's.
What I need to know is
that when it comes time.
when I ask you to help me with this.
you will do as we promised.
You will do whatever you can
to ensure our son lives on.
so that one day he can make it
out of this Silo alive.
-Camille. that's not... Nah.
-We said anything...
anything that keeps him alive.
Even if that means forgetting us.
[knocks on door]
[clears throat] Come in.
What is it?
I didn't use the radio
given the. uh. sensitive nature.
[Sims sniffles]
Tell me.
Mayor Nichols has gone below the Gap.
Where's Emerson?
Contacting the trailing agents.
Shit.
[Gayle] There you go.
That's it. You've got a few more to do.
You're getting pro at this. hmm?
[Anthony. Gayle chuckle]
Anthony. come on and pack up.
Is Mommy...
It'll just be me and you today till lunch.
then I'm gonna take you
back to school. okay?
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm okay.
Put on your backpack.
and we can get outta here.
Thank you again. Gayle. Thank you.
Here. Daddy. Take this.
[tender music playing]
You gave this to me
so I wouldn't feel worried.
Remember?
I remember. son.
Mark.
Well. if it isn't the Head of Mechanical.
and his little shadow.
Except. you're not his shadow anymore.
You work for her now.
She had a question about a criminal
in the mines...
-Yeah.
-and I brought her to you.
I. uh... I wanna ask about a guy
who. uh... who went into the mines.
All due respect. Madam Mayor.
if that's what we call you now.
you're wasting your time.
People go into the mines.
they don't come out.
Well. you did.
Lukas Kyle.
-you recognize that name?
-I don't give names.
-And I don't confirm them either.
-That's not what she wants.
So. he's an IT worker. right.
and he was sentenced pre-rebel...
An IT guy? [chuckles]
I don't care what he was sentenced for.
he's dead.
No. he survived
-and he got out. Yeah. and I think...
-Got out? Right.
It's because of something
that he must've learned in there.
So whether you know him or not.
I wanna know what he could've seen.
The only things in there
are metal ore and death.
The fucking laws of the Pact make it
that way with the restrictions.
So. if your guy went in there and lived.
it wouldn't be
because he learned anything.
It'd be because he was lucky enough
to get a job cleaning toilets.
Good to see you. Knox.
[solemn music playing]
Where do you want me to drop you?
[sighs] Back at the Rayburn?
Uh. no.
No. um...
Let's go back.
To Steve's.
or whatever the fuck his name was.
I know what he said.
but we need to get that recording.
[stammers] Why?
Why?
'Cause the people I work for need to know.
And no. I don't mean the shadowy creeps
-who finance campaigns.
-I know who you mean. Daniel. I-I know.
[Camille] Where is she now?
Melissa radioed.
she just left Tool Fabrication with Knox.
They spoke to Mark Chambers.
head of department.
-Why go to him?
-I don't know.
-I can have Melissa speak to Chambers?
-No.
No. Chambers will either tell her nothing.
or send her in the wrong direction
just for fun.
[Knox] Sorry I wasn't more helpful.
It's okay. I'm just gonna hold it
against you for as long as I remember.
-[chuckles]
-What?
-Uh. just strange looking at you.
-Hmm?
-I know more about you
than you know about yourself.
but you still act the same.
You're still you.
And that's a good thing. right?
-Jules.
-Yeah?
There's no one like you.
Your fix of the generator is why
these lights will be on for years to come.
You nearly drowned doing it.
You've been outside.
You've done things and seen places
no one else has even dreamed of.
-You looked up at the fucking sky...
-[whispering] Hey. Wait.
Just... keep walking.
[suspenseful music playing]
Shit.
He was in the mines.
[music continues]
[person on radio]
We lost visuals. Nothing on the camera.
-Where you going?
-I'm gonna find Lukas.
Jules. he's dead.
You don't know that.
Where's the one place you would go
if you wanted to disappear?
I'm not taking you to the mines.
I'm not asking you to.
Fuck me.
-How far away are the other Silos?
-Why would you need to know...
If Juliette got to one so quickly.
it's probably close.
Location and proximity of other Silos
is not something I'll discuss.
Fine. Fine.
But as Bernard's shadow. Lukas would have
been told there were other Silos. right?
-He was aware.
-And as IT shadow
and someone who'd spent time
in the mines. even a short time.
he probably understood more than anyone
why there are strict laws
on how far we tunnel.
You understand what I'm getting at?
Even if he was just thinking
of the... the Silo Juliette went to.
Lukas Kyle could've
returned to the mines and...
[The Algorithm] Camille.
if you believe Lukas Kyle might be
in the mines digging horizontally
in an attempt to make contact
with another Silo.
I strongly suggest severe precautions
be taken immediately.
Any Silo-to-Silo contact is a violation
that leads to an immediate Safeguard.
[ominous music playing]
Send a rat extermination team
to the mines.
We need an immediate fumigation.
I-Is that code for something?
No. Send fumigators
with enough gas to fill the tunnels. Now.
Ma'am. if we do that without warning.
there won't be time to get everyone out...
One of the rats might be Lukas Kyle.
Do it.
[tense music playing]
-Hey.
-Whoa. whoa. What's going on?
Rodent infestation. In the mines.
-[screaming]
-[alarm blaring]
[blaring continues]
[screaming]
[coughing. retching]
[vomiting]
Jesus.
Uh. hey!
We have to find Harwood!
-[Knox] I'll find Harwood. Stay here!
-Yeah. Okay. go. go!
-[coughing. gagging]
-[people coughing]
[Juliette] Hey! What's happening?
Exterminators released rat bombs
without any fucking warning.
There's no way everyone is getting out
on their own.
[panting]
[miner groaning]
-Hey.
-[miner coughing]
Hey. Hey. Look at me. Here. take this.
[gasping]
Hey. Breathe. Breathe.
I got you. I got you. Come on.
Come on. We'll take turns.
-No! [grunting]
-Hey! No! No!
[grunts]
[grunting]
[choking. panting]
I can't...
[panting]
[coughing. gagging]
[panting. retching]
[coughing]
[coughs]
[panting] Hey.
Breathe.
-[gasps] Lukas.
-Hey. Jules.
I've... [coughs]
You're okay. You're okay.
-[Juliette] Hey. hey.
-Hey. Hey.
-[Juliette] Lukas.
-There. First squad. go after Kyle!
-[Juliette coughs] Hey.
-You're okay. You're okay.
[Emerson] You two. go get a medic!
[panting. coughing]
-[Juliette coughs]
-[Knox] Jules!
[gasping]
[Knox] Come on. Jules.
Just keep coughing. Keep coughing.
[suspenseful music playing]
[softly] Fuck.
[Lukas breathing heavily]
[inhales sharply]
[sighs]
What a shitty place to hide.
Okay. who the fuck are you?
-[breathes heavily]
-[objects clattering]
-[coughing]
-[people coughing]
-[medic] Eyes on that one. I'll check.
-Hey.
-How did this happen?
-I don't know.
But. Sheriff.
there's a body they pulled out
that's not registered as a miner.
One person no one can account for.
[Paul] Stop!
[coughing]
[coughing] Oh. fuck. It's Orla.
Go. it's Orla Kent. [coughing]
[solemn music playing]
[Emerson] Is she gonna live?
I don't know.
We're gonna need
to keep watch on the door.
Don't let anyone in except doctors.
-All right.
-And Mrs. Sims. of course.
She'll know what to do.
[The Algorithm]
Camille. your quick decision
and Juliette Nichols's bravery
has provided a unique opportunity.
You now have a chance to greatly increase
your Silo's survival probability
by using the story of her actions
in the mines today
to instill in your citizens
a sense of calm and unity.
You want her dead.
[The Algorithm] The death of one person
that spares the lives of 9.912 others.
Without the use of Vitamin D+.
[The Algorithm] Will you do it?
[pensive music playing]
Have you ever considered
why you were chosen to be Head of IT?
[Camille] I...
I assume it was
because of my training as a raider.
No.
An ability to remain calm under pressure.
-to take orders and see them through?
-No.
You were chosen
because of your ability to lie.
At its core. the job requires deception.
10.000 lives depend on it.
Your actions during the rebellion.
manipulating your husband.
playing both sides.
exhibited an ability
to do what was necessary.
despite any moral qualms.
But your ability to maintain that kind
of clear resolve has not always been 100%.
Has it?
Before she was sent out to clean.
then-Sheriff Nichols was a fugitive.
hiding in your apartment.
holding you and your son hostage.
Even after you managed
to get control of the gun.
you let Nichols leave.
Why?
I was afraid when raiders arrived...
-Camille...
-guns would be fired.
It's clear by the stress in your voice
and the cortisol levels
in your breath. that you're lying.
[sniffles]
All right.
I admired her.
Strange given the circumstance.
but she wanted the truth.
I don't know anyone in the Silo.
at least not anyone interesting
who doesn't ask the questions
she was asking.
I wanted to see what she found out.
I realize now it was a mistake.
Juliette Nichols is an existential threat.
As you've said.
we now have the opportunity
to eliminate that threat
and save the Silo.
And I will do it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm